CSSContainerRule docs (#25493)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/csscontainerrule/containerquery/index.md

---
title: CSSContainerRule.containerQuery
slug: Web/API/CSSContainerRule/containerQuery
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.CSSContainerRule.containerQuery
---

{{ APIRef("CSSOM") }}

The read-only **`containerQuery`** property of the {{domxref("CSSContainerRule")}} interface returns a string representing the container conditions that are evaluated when the container changes size in order to determine if the styles in the associated {{cssxref("@container")}} are applied.

For example, the value of `containerQuery` for the {{cssxref("@container")}} below is `(min-width: 700px)`:

```css
@container sidebar (min-width: 700px) {
  .card {
    font-size: 2em;
  }
}
```

## Value

A string containing the container query.

> Note that the value may not be identical to the original string, as normalizations such as removing whitespace are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the value may not be identical to the original string, as normalizations such as removing whitespace may happen.
```
